# 20141017 release

This week's release for the first time pushes all alphabetic characters, both lower and upper,
to "good" quality or better.

We have reset the metric to reflect testing with `bigdata` glyphs (from zLauncher staging data)
against the `bigmodel` model (initially from Scribble Demo, but now with additions from zLauncher
and several reclassifications).

Throughout September this new metric has progressed as follows:

| date           | great/good/bad |
| :----------    | :----------:   |
| 8th Sep        | 24 / 58 / 18   |
| 13th Oct       | 53 / 85 / 6    |
| 17th Oct       | 56 / 95 / 3    |


These numbers are lower than the previous ones we quoted, but the previous numbers were
beginning to lose touch with reality and the only thing they were telling us was whether
we were making progress (which we were).  With the reset, we can track our real position
much better (the numbers feel _much_ closer to real user experience) and we are still
showing progress.

We now have a situation in which all alphabetic characters are at least "good":
we want to maintain that.

The metric is not treating numbers helpfully. In the zLauncher configuration a character
which could be both a letter and a number (o/0, S/5, g/9, q/9, l/1, z/2) is preferentially
recognized as a letter, and only if you use a distinct form is it recognized as a number.
We will do something to sort this problem out next week and give numbers a fair representation
in both the zLauncher configuration and in a dialler configuration (where we expect everything
to be "great").

We do have open problems with several misrecognition issues either because of overlapping
character forms, or distinctive handwriting styles. We are continuing to work on these.

The new test data from zLauncher/staging has been immensely useful. We will continue to
classify this data and use it for testing, so that we pick up user problems sooner rather
than later.
